Minor update (#741)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: liquidity-module/index.md

If you previously used the relayer, follow these steps to remove exiting relayer and Starport configurations:

> - Remove your existing relayer config:

Reviewer: we don't need to remove the existing relayer config now? if you remove this step then remove the mention in line 130 too

Author: We have to remove the relayer config. But the relayer file exist within .starport directory. So, removing .starport removes both starport and relayer files.

Make sure to replace `cosmosxxxxx` with your address, `mytoken` with your token name and `username` with your username.

```bash
myblockchaind tx ibc-transfer transfer transfer channel-0 cosmosxxxxx "15000000mytoken" --from username
```

After your transaction is complete, check your balance on the Gravity DEX testnet to confirm your token transfer.

Make sure to replace `cosmosxxxxx` with your address.

> **Tip** Sometimes transactions don't go through in first try. Make sure you check your terminal window created by your relayer. It should have the following output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip** Sometimes transactions don't go through on the first try. Make sure you check the terminal window that shows the relayer process and verify that you see output similar to the following output:
```

Reviewer: hi @alijnmerchant21 ! which terminal window was "created by your relayer"?

Author: I have attached the o/p as a markdown comment
